Issue 35 joss (#40)
ericfell/rfbzero: docs/source/faq.rst

Frequently Asked Questions
==========================

How can I contribute to rfbzero.py?
-------------------------------------
First off, thank you for taking the time to contribute!
Everyone is welcome to contribute and all types of contributions are encouraged and valued. This includes code reviews, bug fixes, new features, examples, documentation, community participation, etc.

Feature requests and bug reports
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you want to make a suggestion for a new feature, please `make an

Reviewer: nit: `create an issue` instead of `make an issue`

issue <https://github.com/ericfell/rfbzero/issues/new/choose>`_
including as much detail as possible.

Contributing code
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The preferred method for contributing code to rfbzero.py is to fork

> the repository on GitHub and submit a "pull request" (PR).

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
the repository on GitHub and create a pull request with the proposed changes.
```
